hey YouTube and welcome back to
moviestarplanet it's Mia here we're
passionate I'm good I'm going to show
you a cheat and this cheat you can use
your email over and over again like six
times and and you guys so let's stop so
I've only got $10 because I spent my
look things and now I'm level 10 because
these cheat gets you a lot more thing so
you click up here on Star Coin you go
invite friends and your are your email
okay so guys I just have to UM pause
then okay now you create a new account
and you get full money you guys don't
even know how many times I had to race
up doing a video like over and over
again not maybe different mode actually
I got a really cool anyone and I'm up to
level 10 which out for you that's right
I already told you that oh we're in
blender
yeah I am okay so we get Italy oh oh
okay some things that don't mean I don't
want to be fancy and then well I started
it but I don't anymore
it was really cool because I leveled up
to ten like so quickly because of this
shape and already told you that but I'm
so happy
alright one last thing keep going into
Red Rock
you don't even have to play it just yeah
and for your level 3 in like honey but
why am I looking for you okay okay okay
okay
now you do is you log out after you log
out that change passionate is being a
cheat as well oh ok twitch like I'm
Ashley yeah you got anyone and it was
guys a and now I have $210 it's not very
much but you keep on doing it over and
over again and like you could end up
with like 5,000 or but you will take a
long time but you gotta keep movin
yeah how's that business ha ha ha I
don't um so yeah I hope you enjoy
learning a new cheat and yeah they sure
to try it out my like a fizzle I try all
right bye guys